Runtime 7.4 release notes (#2016)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

To upgrade Astro Runtime, see [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, see [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro Runtime 7.4.0

- Release date: March 15, 2023
- Airflow version: 2.5.2

### Airflow 2.5.2

Astro Runtime 7.2.0 includes same-day support for Apache Airflow 2.5.2. Airflow 2.5.2 contains a number of bug fixes including:

- Fix validation of date-time field in API and Parameter schemas ([29395](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/29395))
- DAG list sorting lost when switching page ([29756](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/29756))

For a complete list of the changes, see the [Apache Airflow 2.5.2 release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html#airflow-2-5-2-2023-03-15).

> ### Additional improvements

Author: @jedcunningham Some of these have references to changes from previous releases, but I thought it was worth adding them because we upgraded multiple versions in a single Runtime version.

Reviewer: Works for me.

> - Upgraded `astro-sdk-python` to 1.5.2, which includes Openlineage facets for Microsoft SQL server and restores some pandas load option classes. See the [Astro Python SDK changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/blob/main/python-sdk/docs/CHANGELOG.md#152) for a complete list of changes.

Author: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `astro-sdk-python` to 1.5.3, which includes Openlineage facets for Microsoft SQL server and restores some pandas load option classes. See the [Astro Python SDK changelog](https://astro-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/stable/CHANGELOG.html#id1) for a complete list of changes.
```

> - Upgraded `astronomer-providers` to 1.15.1, which includes a new async sensor `SnowflakeSensorAsync` and a number of bug fixes. See the [`astronomer-providers` changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#1151-2023-03-09). 

Author: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `astronomer-providers` to 1.15.1, which includes a new async sensor `SnowflakeSensorAsync` and a number of bug fixes. See the [`astronomer-providers` changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#1151-2023-03-09) for a complete list of changes. 
```
